# GetEdges Method (IFace2)

Help ID: `SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IFace2~GetEdges`

Get the edges bounding this face.
Get the edges bounding this face.

Syntax

- [Visual Basic (Declaration)](#i-syntax-VB)
- [Visual Basic (Usage)](#i-syntax-VBUsage)
- [C#](#i-syntax-CS)
- [C++/CLI](#i-syntax-CPP2005)

```

Function GetEdges() As System.Object
```

```

Dim instance As IFace2
Dim value As System.Object
 
value = instance.GetEdges()
```

```

System.object GetEdges()
```

```

System.Object^ GetEdges(); 
```

#### Return Value

Array of [edges](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IEdge.md)

Remarks

If you want to align the edges with their corresponding trim curves, then call this method immediately following a call to [IFace2::GetTrimCurves2](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IFace2~GetTrimCurves2.md) or [IFace2::IGetTrimCurves2](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IFace2~IGetTrimCurveSize2.md). This causes the order of the trim curves to align with the order of the edges. For Dispatch implementations, use IFace2::GetEdges.

To elaborate, any call to IFace2::GetTrimCurves2 or IFace2::IGetTrimCurves2 stores a temporary buffer containing the edges for this face. If this temporary buffer exists, then IFace2::GetEdges, [IFace2::IGetEdges](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IFace2~IGetEdges.md), or [IFace2::EnumEdges](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IFace2~EnumEdges.md) access the buffer. This is useful when you want to align the trim curves of the face with their corresponding edges. If IFace2::GetEdges, IFace2::IGetEdges, or IFace2::EnumEdges is called immediately after IFace2::GetTrimCurves2 or IFace2::IGetTrimCurves2, then the order of the trim curves align with the order of the edges. However, if you are processing all the trim curves and then processing all the edges, your first call to IFace2::EnumEdges uses the temporary buffer of edges generated by your last call to IFace2::GetTrimCurves2 or IFace2::IGetTrimCurves2. Because your last call to IFace2::GetTrimCurves2 or IFace2::IGetTrimCurves2 and your current call to IFace2::EnumEdges are probably made from different faces, the data does not match. You can see this mismatch of data when [IFace2::GetEdgeCount](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IFace2~GetEdgeCount.md) does not match the number of enumerated edges, or when the edge data does not match the examined face. Therefore, call IFace2::GetEdges, IFace2::IGetEdges, or IFace2::EnumEdges in the same loop and immediately after your call to IFace2::GetTrimCurves2 or IFace2::IGetTrimCurves2. The temporary buffer of edges is destroyed after each call to IFace2::GetEdges, IFace2::IGetEdges, or IFaces2::EnumEdges.

If you are using IFace2::GetTrimCurves2 or IFace2::IGetTrimCurves2, the number of trim curves on a face might vary from the number of edges on the face. If you call IFace2::EnumEdges immediately after calling IFace2::GetTrimCurves2 or IFace2::IGetTrimCurves2, then you are getting a list of edges generated by IFace2::GetTrimCurves2 or IFace2::IGetTrimCurves2. Because this list of generated edges might vary from the list of edges that are typically returned from this face, do not use IFace2::GetEdgeCount to determine the length of the enumerated edge list. Instead, use one of the return values from IFace2::GetTrimCurves2 or IFace2::IGetTrimCurves2 to determine the size of the enumerated edge list. IFace2::GetTrimCurves2 or IFace2::IGetTrimCurves2 returns the number of trim (SP) curves in the first array position. This is the value you can use to loop through your enumerated list of edges.

Example

[Add Highlighting To or Remove Highlighting From Edges (VBA)](Add_Highlighting_to_or_Remove_Highlight_from_Edges_Example_VB.htm)  
[Check Interference Using IModeler::CheckInterference (VBA)](Check_Interference_using_Modeler_CheckInterference_Example_VB.htm)  
[Get Faces Affected by Feature (VBA)](Get_Faces_Affected_by_Feature_Example_VB.htm)  
[Get Vertex (VBA)](Get_Vertex_Example_VB.htm)

Requirements

**Target Platforms:** Windows 7, Windows Vista SP1 or later, Windows XP SP3, Windows Server 2008 (Server Core not supported), Windows Server 2008 R2 (Server Core supported with SP1 or later), Windows Server 2003 SP2

See Also

#### Reference

[IFace2 Interface](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IFace2.md)  
[IFace2 Members](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IFace2_members.md)  
[IFace2::EnumEdges Method](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IFace2~EnumEdges.md)  
[IFace2::GetEdgeCount Method](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IFace2~GetEdgeCount.md)  
[IFace2::IGetEdges Method](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IFace2~IGetEdges.md)
