# SetBitmapsByName2 Method

Help ID: `SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IPropertyManagerPageBitmapButton~SetBitmapsByName2`

Obsolete. Superseded by IPropertyManagerPageBitmapButton::SetBitmapsByName3.
Obsolete. Superseded by [IPropertyManagerPageBitmapButton::SetBitmapsByName3](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IPropertyManagerPageBitmapButton~SetBitmapsByName3.md).

Syntax

- [Visual Basic (Declaration)](#i-syntax-VB)
- [Visual Basic (Usage)](#i-syntax-VBUsage)
- [C#](#i-syntax-CS)
- [C++/CLI](#i-syntax-CPP2005)

```

Function SetBitmapsByName2( _
   ByVal BitmapOrig As System.String, _
   ByVal BitmapMaskOrig As System.String _
) As System.Boolean
```

```

Dim instance As IPropertyManagerPageBitmapButton
Dim BitmapOrig As System.String
Dim BitmapMaskOrig As System.String
Dim value As System.Boolean
 
value = instance.SetBitmapsByName2(BitmapOrig, BitmapMaskOrig)
```

```

System.bool SetBitmapsByName2( 
   System.string BitmapOrig,
   System.string BitmapMaskOrig
)
```

```

System.bool SetBitmapsByName2( 
   System.String^ BitmapOrig,
   System.String^ BitmapMaskOrig
) 
```

#### Parameters

*BitmapOrig*
:   Full path and filename to the image in its non-selected state (see **Remarks**)

*BitmapMaskOrig*
:   Full path and filename to the image mask (see **Remarks**)

#### Return Value

True if the image is inserted, false if not

Remarks

The rest of the images (selected, highlight regular, highlight selected, and disabled) are automatically generated by SOLIDWORKS. The size of the image is not restricted; you can insert an image of any size. However, the standard image size is 24-pixels wide and 24-pixels high with a margin of at least 3 blank pixels on all sides of the bitmap because this is where the button borders are drawn; i.e., any pixels in the image in these 3 outer rows and columns of pixels are obscured by the button borders.

You can specify your own image mask using the BitmapMaskOrig argument, which should display the image exactly as you created it. If you specify an empty string for BitmapMaskOrig, then SOLIDWORKS generates what it needs; however, your image might appear blurred.

**NOTE**: Portable Network Graphics images (.**png**) do not support masking. To use this method with a .png file, pass the .png file name to BitmapOrig and an empty string to BitmapMaskOrig.

You must call this method after calling either of the following methods to create the button control:

- [IPropertyManagerPage2::AddControl](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IPropertyManagerPage2~AddControl.md) or [IPropertyManagerPage2::IAddControl](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IPropertyManagerPage2~IAddControl.md)
- [IPropertyManagerPageGroup::AddControl](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IPropertyManagerPageGroup~AddControl.md) or [IPropertyManagerPageGroup::IAddControl](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IPropertyManagerPageGroup~IAddControl.md)

Requirements

**Target Platforms:** Windows 7, Windows Vista SP1 or later, Windows XP SP3, Windows Server 2008 (Server Core not supported), Windows Server 2008 R2 (Server Core supported with SP1 or later), Windows Server 2003 SP2

See Also

#### Reference

[IPropertyManagerPageBitmapButton Interface](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IPropertyManagerPageBitmapButton.md)  
[IPropertyManagerPageBitmapButton Members](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IPropertyManagerPageBitmapButton_members.md)
