# SetBitmapsByName3 Method

Help ID: `SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IPropertyManagerPageBitmapButton~SetBitmapsByName3`

Inserts the specified image for this button.
Inserts the specified image for this button.

Syntax

- [Visual Basic (Declaration)](#i-syntax-VB)
- [Visual Basic (Usage)](#i-syntax-VBUsage)
- [C#](#i-syntax-CS)
- [C++/CLI](#i-syntax-CPP2005)

```

Function SetBitmapsByName3( _
   ByVal ImageList As System.Object, _
   ByVal MaskImageList As System.Object _
) As System.Boolean
```

```

Dim instance As IPropertyManagerPageBitmapButton
Dim ImageList As System.Object
Dim MaskImageList As System.Object
Dim value As System.Boolean
 
value = instance.SetBitmapsByName3(ImageList, MaskImageList)
```

```

System.bool SetBitmapsByName3( 
   System.object ImageList,
   System.object MaskImageList
)
```

```

System.bool SetBitmapsByName3( 
   System.Object^ ImageList,
   System.Object^ MaskImageList
) 
```

#### Parameters

*ImageList*
:   Array of strings for the paths for the image files for the button in its non-selected state (see **Remarks**)

*MaskImageList*
:   Array of strings for the paths for the image files for the image masks (see **Remarks**)

#### Return Value

True if the image is inserted, false if not

Remarks

This method supports scaling for high resolution screens with high resolution operating system scaling options.

ImageList and MaskImageList images can be:

- 20 x 20 pixels
- 32 x 32 pixels
- 40 x 40 pixels
- 64 x 64 pixels
- 96 x 96 pixels
- 128 x128 pixels

Images should use:

- 256-color palette.
- margin of at least 3 blank pixels on all sides of the image because this is where the button borders are drawn; i.e., any pixels in the image in these 3 outer rows and columns of pixels are obscured by the button borders.

You can specify your own image masks using the MaskImageList argument, which should display the images exactly as you created them. If you specify an empty array for MaskImageList, then SOLIDWORKS generates what it needs; however, the images might appear blurred.

The order in which you specify the image files must be the same for ImageList and MaskImageList. For example, if you specify an array of paths to 20 x 20 pixels, 32 x 32 pixels, and 40 x 40 pixels images for ImageList, then you must specify an array of paths to 20 x 20 pixels, 32 x 32 pixels, and 40 x 40 pixels images for MaskImageList.

**NOTES:**

- The rest of the images (selected, highlight regular, highlight selected, and disabled) for this button are automatically generated by SOLIDWORKS.
- Portable Network Graphics images (.**png**) do not support masking. To use this method with .**png** files, pass an array of **.png** file names to ImageList and a blank string for each item in MaskImageList that corresponds to an item in ImageList.

You must call this method after calling either of the following methods to create the bitmap button control:

- [IPropertyManagerPage2::AddControl](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IPropertyManagerPage2~AddControl.md) or [IPropertyManagerPage2::IAddControl](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IPropertyManagerPage2~IAddControl.md)
- [IPropertyManagerPageGroup::AddControl](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IPropertyManagerPageGroup~AddControl.md) or [IPropertyManagerPageGroup::IAddControl](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IPropertyManagerPageGroup~IAddControl.md)

Example

See the [IPropertyManagerPage2](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IPropertyManagerPage2.md) examples.

Requirements

**Target Platforms:** Windows 7, Windows Vista SP1 or later, Windows XP SP3, Windows Server 2008 (Server Core not supported), Windows Server 2008 R2 (Server Core supported with SP1 or later), Windows Server 2003 SP2

See Also

#### Reference

[IPropertyManagerPageBitmapButton Interface](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IPropertyManagerPageBitmapButton.md)  
[IPropertyManagerPageBitmapButton Members](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IPropertyManagerPageBitmapButton_members.md)  
[ISldWorks::GetImageSize Method ()](SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.ISldWorks~GetImageSize.md)
